Add downstream container file for deamonset (#244)
openshift/instaslice-operator: docs/downstream-builds.md

# Specific instructions for Downstream builds

## How to manually build custom images for OpenShift

1. Set the image urls for your test repos, i.e
```console
$ export IMG=quay.io/<username>/instaslice-operator:test
$ export IMG_DMST=quay.io/<username>/instaslice-daemonset:test
$ export BUNDLE_IMAGE=quay.io/<username>/instaslice-bundle:test
```
1. Build operator and daemonset using OpenShift specifig containerfiles
```console

> $ make docker-build-ocp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ make container-build-ocp
```

```
1. Push images to you test repo
```console
$ make docker-push
```
1. Build bundle using OpenShift containerfile
```console
$ make bundle-build-ocp
```
1. Push bundle to test repo
``` console
$ make bundle-push
```
## Test the images on an OpenShift cluster using emulator mode

### Prerequisites
- You have a cluster available
- You have the RH Cert Manager operator installed through OperatorHub

> - You have operator-sdk installed

Reviewer: It's good to add the references/links to the above pre-reqs for the user to refer/install

Author: will do

1. Deploy test bundle
```console
$ oc new-project instaslice-system
$ operator-sdk run bundle $BUNDLE_IMAGE -n instaslice-system
$ oc apply -f config/rbac/instaslice-operator-scc.yaml (FIXME)
```
1. Enable the emulator

> Set EMULATER_MODE=true in CSV

Reviewer: I doubt if the env variable defined here is correct?

Author: yes.  Yaml not and env var.

Author: This is correct.

Author: https://github.com/openshift/instaslice-operator/blob/main/bundle-ocp/manifests/instaslice-operator.clusterserviceversion.yaml#L212

> Set EMULATER_MODE=true in CSV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set EMULATOR_MODE=true in CSV
```
This is what I meant

Author: oh!.  thanks

1. Create instaslice CR for fake resources
Edit test/e2e/resources/instaslice-fake-capacity.yaml to set metadata.name to the node the controller is running on
```console
$ oc apply -f test/e2e/resources/instaslice-fake-capacity.yaml
```
1. Label the node that was used in the name of the CR
```console
$ oc label node/<node_name> "nvidia.com/mig.capable"="true"
```
1. Execute e2e tests
```console
$ ginkgo -v --json-report=report.json --junit-report=report.xml --timeout 20m ./test/e2e
```

# Notes

Most of this is automated in make test-e2e-ocp-emulated but with upstream images.

> Konflux CI with build the images to catch errors.  In the future, Konflux integration tests will test images for PRs as a set to verify images urls are correct.

Reviewer: I couldn't get this. Do we get the capability in future to run e2e tests on the images that are built from this Dockerfile when a PR is raised?

Author: Konflux jobs run on the images that are build in the PR.  We can control what is run and when.  I was going to work on the testing pipeline next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Konflux CI will build the images to check for any redundancy
```
`In the future, Konflux integration tests will test images for PRs as a set to verify images urls are correct.`
Apologies that I couldn't understand this note. Could you re frame it?
